hey everyone today at the 10 influential
book stack for you I was attacked by the
storylines and I think this book tak was
brought to book to buy me to the reeds
I'll leave both the links to the videos
in the description below and let's get
started the premise of this tag sounds
pretty simple show 10 books that
influence your life somehow and I
thought well I think can't be so hard
but looking at my bookshelves I
discovered it's not so easy so let's get
to the 10 books that I picked they are
no particular order but let's start with
terry pratchett so sorry this is the
first book that I read of him and this
clearly influenced my life because love
by thinking has been influenced by terry
pratchett the graveyard book basically
for introducing me into Neil Gaiman's
work waterland by Graham Swift because
it really influenced my studies on the
road by jack kerouac because every time
I read it I just want to go on a road
trip the jackass guide to the galaxy by
Douglas Adams same as Terry Pratchett
for all the influence of hat on my way
of thinking and looking at the world
solas by gail carriger for introducing
me to steampunk for one more day by
mitch albom for finding me in the time
when I most needed it the guy run by
Andrew Davidson I think the most
influence it has on me is that I always
want to get in you 22 when I read it but
that's not the only influence in that
everything is illuminated by jonathan
safran foer for introducing me to a
completely different way of writing
novels last one is a German 1 / good
composer violin which basically
represents the nuclear angst I
experienced during my teenage years in
the 80s it was kind of a thing back then
that were the ten books I picked from my
bookshelf that influenced me in some
ways I'm also supposed to tag 10 people
but I've seen so many people do this tag
lately and I think there are some more
that I haven't seen yet so if you
haven't done it and you and you and you
and you you and you and you and you and
you and you and also you if you haven't
done it go look at your bookshelf and do
the 10 influential books tag attack you